Revisit create use case guide (#95)
superfaceai/docs: docs/guides/create-new-use-case.md

# Create a new use case

> Use case specifies input and result parameters and error behavior of the API integration. Use case inputs and result should not contain any provider specific parameters and provider implementation details like authentication credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use case specifies input and result parameters, and error behavior of the API integration. Use case inputs and result should not contain any provider specific parameters and provider implementation details like authentication credentials.
```

> Use cases are defined through a [Comlink profile](https://superface.ai/docs/comlink/profile). A profile is a set of use cases that serve the same business need. The Comlink profile is a file with `.supr` extension.

Reviewer: Prefer local links

```suggestion
Use cases are defined through a [Comlink profile](../comlink/reference/profile.mdx). A profile is a set of use cases that serve the same business need. The Comlink profile is a file with `.supr` extension.
```
